Update README diagram (#2303)
0xPolygonHermez/zkevm-node: README.md

The diagram represents the main components of the software and how they interact between them. Note that this reflects a single entity running a node, in particular a node that acts as the trusted sequencer. But there are many entities running nodes in the network, and each of these entities can perform different roles. More on this later.

> - (JSON) RPC: an HTTP interface that allows users (dApps, metamask, etherscan, ...) to interact with the node. Fully compatible with Ethereum RPC + some extra [custom endpoints](./docs/zkEVM-custom-endpoints.md) specifics of the network. It interacts with the `state` to get data and process transactions and with the `pool` to store transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (JSON) RPC: an HTTP interface that allows users (dApps, metamask, etherscan, ...) to interact with the node. Fully compatible with Ethereum RPC + some extra [custom endpoints](./docs/zkEVM-custom-endpoints.md) specifics of the network. It interacts with the `state` (to get data and process transactions) as well as the `pool` (to store transactions).
```

- L2GasPricer: it fetches the L1 gas price and applies some formula to calculate the gas price that will be suggested for the users to use for paying fees on L2. The suggestions are stored on the `pool`, and will be consumed by the `rpc`
- Pool: DB that stores transactions by the `RPC` to be selected/discarded by the `sequencer` later on

> - Sequencer: responsible for building the trusted state, to do so, it gets transactions from the pool and puts them in a specific order. It needs to take care about opening and closing batches while trying to make them as full as possible. To achieve this it needs to use the executor to actually process the transaction not only to execute the state transition (and update the hashDB), but also to check the conumed resources by the transactions and the remainign resources of the batch. After executing a transaction that fits into a batch, it gets stored on the `state`. Once transactions are added into the state, they are immediately available through the `rpc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sequencer: responsible for building the trusted state. To do so, it gets transactions from the pool and puts them in a specific order. It needs to take care of opening and closing batches while trying to make them as full as possible. To achieve this it needs to use the executor to actually process the transaction not only to execute the state transition (and update the hashDB) but also to check the consumed resources by the transactions and the remaining resources of the batch. After executing a transaction that fits into a batch, it gets stored on the `state`. Once transactions are added into the state, they are immediately available through the `rpc`.
```

> - SequenceSender: get closed batches from the `state`, trys to agrupate as many of them as possible and at some ponint decides that it's time to send those batches to L1, making the state move on from trusted to virtualized. In order to send the L1 tx, it uses the `ethtxmanager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SequenceSender: gets closed batches from the `state`, tries to aggregate as many of them as possible, and at some point, decides that it's time to send those batches to L1, turning the state from trusted to virtualized. In order to send the L1 tx, it uses the `ethtxmanager`
```

- Aggregator: consolidates batches by generating ZKPs (Zero Knowledge proofs). To do so it gathers the necessary data that the `prover` needs as input through the `state` and sends a request to it. Once the proof is generated it sends a request to send an L1 tx to verify the proof and move the state from virtual to verified to the `ethtxmanager`. Note that provers connect to the aggregator and not the other way arround. The aggregator can handle multiple connected provers at once and make them work concurrently in the generation of different proofs
- Prover/Executor/hashDB: service that generates ZK proofs. Note that this component is not implemented in this repository, and it's treated as a "black box" from the perspective of the node. The prover/executor has two implementations: [JS reference implementation](https://github.com/0xPolygonHermez/zkevm-proverjs) and [C production-ready implementation](https://github.com/0xPolygonHermez/zkevm-prover). Although it's the same software/binary, it implements three services:

>   - Executor: Provide an EVM implementation that allows processing batches and getting all needed results metadata (state root, transaction receipts, logs, ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Executor: Provides an EVM implementation that allows processing batches as well as getting metadata (state root, transaction receipts, logs, ...) of all the needed results.
```

>   - Prover: Generate ZKPs for batches, batches aggregation and final proofs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Prover: Generates ZKPs for batches, batches aggregation, and final proofs.
```
